Fantasy
    What type of fantasy characters do you prefer? magic/physical
        What about that type of character appeals to you?
    What fantasy time period appeals to you? medieval/modern
        What aspects of that time setting help immerse you most in a fantasy world?
    What fantasy world scope appeals to you? epic/personal
        How do you feel the story scale affects your connection to the characters or events?
    How do you prefer to engage with fantasy? creating/reading
        What is it about that type of engagement that you prefer?
    What draws you to fantasy content? relaxation/excitement
        What do you look for in a story that meets that criteria?
    What aspect of fantasy stories appeals to you most? characters/action
        What makes that element stand out to you in a good fantasy story?
Movies
    What's your preferred movie format? movie/tv show
        What makes that format more engaging for you?
    What's your favorite movie genre? action/comedy
        What qualities in that genre keep you entertained?
    Where do you prefer to watch movies? theater/home
        What about that environment improves your viewing experience?
    What type of movie series do you prefer? series/standalone
        What makes that structure more enjoyable for you?
    What movie era do you prefer? classic/modern
        What do you think defines the charm of that era for you?
    What movie mood do you prefer? feel good/thought provoking
        What parts of a movie give you that feeling?
Activty
    What type of physical activities do you prefer? team/individual
        What about that style of activity motivates you most?
    How do you prefer to engage with activities? playing/watching
        What do you enjoy most about engaging with activities in that way?
    What's your activity environment preference? outdoor/indoor
        What makes that environment feel better for the activity you enjoy?
    What type of physical activity appeals to you? exercise/sports
        What do you look for in that type of physical experience?
    How do you prefer to stay active? workout/casual 
        What are some activities that fit your preference that you do?
    What motivates your activity choices? health/fun
        With that motivation, what makes an activity more satisfying?
Music
    What type of music do you prefer? popular/alternative
        What draws you toward that style of music?
    How do you prefer to experience music? concerts/recorded
        What do you value most about experiencing music in that format?
    What's your musical era preference? classic/modern
        What do you think characterizes your favorite music from that era?
    How do you discover new music? recommendations/exploration
        What decides whether you trust a recommendation or what you explore?
    What type of musical energy do you prefer? high energy/low energy
        What qualities stand out the most to you about that type of energy?
    How do you prefer to enjoy music? background/actively
        What role does music typically play in your daily routine?
Tech
    What type of technology interests you most? electronics/apps
        What kind of impact does that interest have in your day-to-day life?
    How do you approach new technology? early adopt/wait
        What factors influence your decision?
    What's your tech usage preference? professional/entertainment
        What do you look for most when using tech for that purpose?
    How do you prefer tech complexity? simple/complex
        How does that level of complexity affect your enjoyment or productivity?
    What tech platform do you prefer? mobile/desktop
        What makes that platform feel most convenient for you?
    How do you stay updated with tech? news/hands on
        How often do you update yourself on new tech?
Travel
    What type of travel appeals to you? adventure/relaxation
        What is it you like most about that type of travel?
    How do you prefer to travel? planned/spontaneous
        What makes that style of travel feel more comfortable or exciting for you?
    What's your ideal travel destination? nature/urban
        What atmosphere draws you most when choosing a destination?
    What's your preferred accommodation style when traveling? hotels/local
        What do you appreciate most about that type of accommodation?
    What's your travel group preference? solo/group
        What do you enjoy about traveling with that dynamic?
    How do you approach travel budgeting? budget focus/comfort focus
        What helps you decide how to prioritize spending when traveling?
Learning
    How do you prefer to learn new things? structured/self
        What helps you learn most effectively in that format?
    What type of learning content interests you? applied/academic
        What makes that type of content more rewarding for you?
    What's your preferred learning style? visual/audio
        What helps you stay engaged with that learning style?
    What's your learning pace preference? quick/gradual
        What about that preference makes information stick?
    How do you prefer educational content? interactive/observation
        What do you find most helpful about learning in that way?
    What motivates your learning? career/personal
        How do you think that motivation shapes how you approach learning?
Stories
    What type of stories do you enjoy? fiction/non
        What attracts you most to that type of storytelling?
    How do you prefer to consume stories? reading/audio
        What makes that format more immersive for you?
    What story length do you prefer? short/long
        What makes that story length most enjoyable?
    What type of narrative appeals to you? character/plot
        What draws you in to a story with that type of narrative?
    How do you discover new stories? recomendations/exploration
        How often do try new genres or authors outside of your comfort zone?
    What's your reading environment preference? quiet/social
        Why does that environment speak to you the most?
Play
    What type of games do you enjoy? digital/physical
        What aspects of that type of game do you find most fun?
    How do you prefer to play games? competitive/casual
        What is it about that preference that draws you to it?
    What's your gaming social preference? solo/multi
        What do you enjoy about that style of playing?
    What type of game experience appeals to you? strategy/action
        What about that type of challenge or pace appeals to you?
    How much time do you prefer for gaming sessions? quick/long
        What determines the ideal session length for you when gaming?
    What motivates your game choices? acheivement/fun
        What about that do you find the most satisfying or enjoyable?
Food
    What type of cuisine do you prefer? traditional/modern
        What aspects of that cuisine style do you enjoy most?
    How do you approach trying new foods? adventurous/conservative
        What influences your decision to try—or skip—new foods?
    What's your meal preparation preference? home/dining
        What do enjoy most about that preference?
    How do you prefer your food experience? simple/elaborate
        What do you appreciate most about food prepared in that way?
    What motivates your food choices? health/taste
        How does that motivation impact the types of foods you enjoy?
    How do you discover new foods? recomendations/exploration
        Do you tend to try more new things if they are recommended to you or if you find them yourself?
Personal
    How do you handle stress? active/calm
        What about how you handle stress helps you the most?
    What's your social energy preference? outgoing/reserved
        How do you go about doing things that go against this preference?
    What drives your personal decisions? logic/feeling
        Do you tend to make decisions hastily or cautiously?
    What's your approach to change? embrace/cautious
        What is an example of when you embraced or were cautious to change?
    How do you prefer to spend free time? productive/relaxing
        What makes that style of free time feel satisfying?
    What motivates you most? acheivement/connections
        What makes an experience feel the most meaningful when you are motivated that way?